What’s wrong with these servants?
Such a major incident has happened to the Emperor,
and you don’t come to console me?
What use is the General Concubine?
Your Majesty, it’s already late at night.
They didn’t dare disturb you.
Let me come and check first.
Hmph, if anything happens to the Emperor,
all of you will lose your heads.
Hahaha.
You should go back.
I’m enough here.
I’m not tired.
I can stay with the Empress Dowager.
Don’t you understand what I’m saying?
You’ve been tired all day too.
It’s best if you go back and rest.
I’ll be here to keep a close watch.
Rest assured.
Then I’ll take my leave.
Please come down.
What’s going on?
The Empress Dowager.
The Emperor is currently in a closed state,
refusing to take medicine.
Tell me the truth.
Why did the Emperor suddenly fall ill?
Empress Dowager, the Emperor has been overthinking,
and has overworked himself,
plus he has a toxin in his body,
and has caught a cold.
His body is also overwhelmed.
Is there any way
to make the Emperor willing to take medicine?
I think
when Concubine Rong fed the Emperor medicine before,
such a situation didn’t occur.
It shows that the Emperor
is willing to be close to Concubine Rong.
Perhaps Concubine Rong should carefully take care of him.
This would benefit the Emperor’s recovery.
It’s Concubine Rong again.
Go and bring Concubine Rong to me.